In Michigan, it's the place that I stayed had a diverse amount of people
but it was mostly crime ridden in some places. I've seen lots of
things that you see on movies. For instance, drug use, some violence
here and there. I've seen more graphic things like prostitution, homeless
shelter and things like that. But those are things that I think
maybe turned me into wanting to help my society a little bit more.
Those are negative things. These are things that kind of pushed me
to want to make the world a better place because I saw them. So, even
though Michigan was, the part that I grew up in, Flint, isn't the,
you know, ideal city, it is a good place to grow up and develop your
character.